Set up yarn workspaces, create placeholder @pmndrs/cannon-worker-api package (#348)
pmndrs/use-cannon: packages/react-three-cannon-examples/readme.md

# @react-three/cannon-examples

> To build the examples, the parent project must have been built previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the examples, the [@react-three/cannon](../react-three-cannon) package must have been built previously.
```
